# Window geometry
padding.width: 5
padding.height: 10
border.width: 10
window.client.padding.width: 1
window.client.padding.height: 0
window.handle.width: 3

#Menu geometry
menu.border.width: 1
menu.overlap.x: 0
menu.overlap.y: 0

# Border colors
window.active.border.color: #ffffff
window.inactive.border.color: #ffffff
window.active.title.bg: Flat
window.active.title.bg.color: #ffffff

menu.border.color: #000000
window.active.client.color: #ffffff
window.inactive.client.color: #cccccc

# Window title justification
window.label.text.justify: Left

# Active window
window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #000000

window.active.handle.bg: Flat
window.active.handle.bg.color: #ffffff

window.active.grip.bg: Flat
window.active.grip.bg.color: #ffffff

# Inactive windows
window.inactive.title.bg: Flat
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #000000

window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #ffffff


# Menus
menu.title.bg: Raised Gradient Vertical
menu.title.bg.color: #658fb5
menu.title.bg.colorTo: #4d6982
menu.title.text.color: #ffffff
menu.title.text.justify: Left

menu.separator.color: #444444
menu.separator.width: 1
menu.separator.padding.width: 6
menu.separator.padding.height: 3

menu.items.bg: Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color: #f8f5f2
menu.items.text.color: #000000
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #aaaaaa

menu.items.active.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
menu.items.active.bg.color: #628cb2
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo: #50708d
menu.items.active.text.color: #ffffff
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #aaaaaa
